Feature/slack channel/proxy (#6126)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/user-guide/connectors/slack.rst

  "OAuth & Permissions" tab as your ``slack_token``. It should start
  with ``xoxb``.

> - Optional you can add a ``proxy`` to route outgoing traffic to the slack API through. Only http proxy is currently supported!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional: You can add a ``proxy`` through which to route outgoing traffic to the Slack API. Only HTTP proxies are currently supported.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

   slack:
     slack_token: "xoxb-286425452756-safjasdf7sl38KLls"
     slack_channel: "C011GR5D33F"

>      proxy: "http://myProxy.online"

Reviewer: let's add a comment here as well
